docs: add note about specifying which identity to use (#869)
Azure/aad-pod-identity: website/content/en/docs/Best Practices/_index.md

...
```

> Note: if you do not specify which managed identity to use (e.g. `az login -i`) then one of the managed identities matching the `aadpodidbinding` selector will be selected at random. To make sure the right managed identity is used for a particular workload, make sure you specify the manage identity's `clientId` when authenticating (e.g. `az login -i -u CLIENTID`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if you do not specify which managed identity to use (e.g. `az login -i`) then one of the managed identities matching the `aadpodidbinding` selector will be selected at random. To make sure the right managed identity is used for a particular workload, make sure you specify the managed identity's `clientId`  (e.g. `az login -i -u <CLIENT ID>`) or `resourceID` (e.g `az login -i -u <RESOURCE ID>`) when authenticating.

```

Just one small nit

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, @aramase.  Resolved in https://github.com/Azure/aad-pod-identity/pull/869/commits/1e00e2999be5306a6f4cdfb20c89444f79997b3e
